# End-User License Agreement (EULA) of oreum_core

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and
Oreum OÜ t/a Oreum Industries, Sepapajatn6, Tallinn, 15551, Estonia,
reg.16122291, [oreum.io](https://oreum.io)

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our oreum_core
software ("Software") directly from Oreum OÜ or indirectly through a Oreum OÜ
authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller"). Our Privacy Policy was
created by the Privacy Policy Generator.

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation
process and using the oreum_core software. It provides a license to use the
oreum_core software and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the oreum_core software, this EULA
agreement will also govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing
and/or using the oreum_core software, you are confirming your acceptance of the
Software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other
legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and
its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority
or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do
not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Oreum OÜ
herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or described
herein. The terms also apply to any Oreum OÜ updates, supplements,
Internet-based services, and support services for the Software, unless other
terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

## License Grant

Oreum OÜ hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive licence
to use the oreum_core software on your devices in accordance with the terms of
this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the oreum_core software onto a device (for example a
laptop, desktop, server, virtual server, container, cloud) under your control.
You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of
the oreum_core software.

You are not permitted to:

+ Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any
part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be
combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile,
disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things
+ Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any
commercial purpose
+ Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of
any third party
+ Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or
international law
+ Use the Software for any purpose that Oreum OÜ considers is a breach of this
EULA agreement

## Intellectual Property and Ownership

Oreum OÜ shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally
downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The
Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever
nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall
remain the property of Oreum OÜ.

Oreum OÜ reserves the right to grant licences to use the Software to third
parties.

## Termination

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and
shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written
notice to Oreum OÜ, and must stop using the Software with immediate effect, and
uninstall the Software from all devices where you have installed it with
immediate effect.

The EULA agreement will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with
any term of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by
this EULA agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access
and use of the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and
survive will survive any termination of this EULA agreement.

## Governing Law

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the Republic of Estonia.

All rights reserved.

---
**Oreum Industries &copy; 2021**